feat: add withTaskclusterClient decorator for REST clients (#8913)
taskcluster/taskcluster: changelog/issue-8912.md

audience: developers

> level: minor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
level: patch
```
I don't think it's changing much at the moment, maybe  patch is enough?

Author: changed :)

reference: issue 8912
---

> add withTaskclusterClient decorator to create rest client removing the need to using props

Reviewer: ```suggestion
UI adds withTaskclusterClient decorator to create rest client removing the need to using props
```

we can make it obvious for changelog reader what is going on here

Author: changed
